PEP 683: Mark the PEP as Accepted (#2877)
python/peps: pep-0683.rst

PEP: 683
Title: Immortal Objects, Using a Fixed Refcount
Author: Eric Snow <ericsnowcurrently@gmail.com>, Eddie Elizondo <eduardo.elizondorueda@gmail.com>
Discussions-To: https://discuss.python.org/t/18183
Status: Accepted
Type: Standards Track
Content-Type: text/x-rst
Created: 10-Feb-2022
Python-Version: 3.12
Post-History: `16-Feb-2022 <https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-dev@python.org/thread/TPLEYDCXFQ4AMTW6F6OQFINSIFYBRFCR/>`__,
              `19-Feb-2022 <https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-dev@python.org/thread/KDAR6CCMPOX36GQJUDWHQBKRD5USNV3B/>`__,
              `28-Feb-2022 <https://mail.python.org/archives/list/python-dev@python.org/thread/MI22URMVKC63OFMZTALHFZKAKVGAT4UF/>`__,
              `12-Aug-2022 <https://discuss.python.org/t/18183>`__,
Resolution: https://discuss.python.org/t/18183/26

PEP Acceptance Conditions
=========================

The PEP was accepted with conditions:

* we must apply the primary proposal
  in `Solutions for Accidental De-Immortalization`_
  (reset the immortal refcount in ``tp_dealloc()``)
* types without this may not be immortalized (in CPython's code)
* the PEP must be updated with final benchmark results once

>   the implmenetation is finalized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the implmentation is finalized
```

> * we will have one last round a discusion about those results at that point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* we will have one last round of discussion about those results at that point
```
